namuitsswaboebinffbvstoeioehmmeit‘
adfflz aaaoimaoAmb &abivieot‘labfhtidt
caputduzbzmetcedibsbisputat'n6ntmetcebq
ampfatssutmfimoemeowwfifaasu
fuisqtmhmidiaioeniiumbititab nimiam.
&unaquaoeoenifha tetmffiffipaumlaooueq
ἱιιᾰβωεεὸοηομίῖιῳὶίὃωαωαηιῇάῆεωδίεωι
φαῖιτηὸ Πωρυςςηαέιπαιήὴίὶιῑιόιιΰοίηιύ
biaoim'a 'dammuhmnuibiaimsssmdgui
bissmtfifimtdneatoewdimlomobitwffimfita«
flemindffaefiquisqmamtoflnmitn’zaudmiin
uitztthtimiwdditmssaioswpb {mafmttibd}
pass'ueaissiquissdinuibiefaffibvoebssmmlffita
oemssuimffiaoouaeffinmiatutfflniffissmossiw
ἱίτιηιηιιιίιίᾱηήἓῦὴοσὶηᾷτΐῶ &malinii ,
ιαδωὶῆιιιεωτηεᾶωσωτδ mainwaut
vidssssfluiabudffissfibiffi?apifidffffiuuoeiz.fvi
ἄάἱιπςίῐιηρῑῆεξαωω ῐῑὴυιηιίίΐυῦ ῐιῑιιΐιῆδ
ηὸὖὺαὶᾱᾳηοῶΐάταθ sauibtbitiffiabalifi
n'iffmitioaiafimssffimaogauitfino,quiooabi
vino quimoersuit'tgigfitifffizwffimcaoeffinuftw
buuitab tegiqui {titbatmefflwafoffibinepimff
- αδίὲιδώηὸοάδατωιωίυῦᾷὴιωφῦαω
ναδίαφυςηαδοαδαευῆιίξίίῆαῑδαιηὸηιῑᾳ
mmmmm& afflgvnufimem
muitffaeffeiessmmffiofioemn ' &gommon-
valeamquieoefflboe pbifflmiffimpunfflate
aduotfimfi ‚puembicautemvit benammi,
adousoenna mwossmtnfidmoeinquitomviss‘
uuasodhmiflbflianeuimoquiapatumusfiun =
ffloemfedoeffidm maamazsensmm
etgofastoopuefimssmfi medebatrcr,6011u3oe
imvimutmsswnssfitaebiptvbauid abnegem

ΑΟ

 

